Removing links (#6)
hashicorp/policy-library-cis-aws-rds-terraform: README.md

> # Pre-written Sentinel Policies for AWS CIS Foundations Benchmarking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Pre-written Sentinel Policies for Center for Internet Security(CIS) AWS Foundations Benchmark
```

> Pre-written Sentinel policies for AWS CIS Benchmarking provide ready-to-use compliance checks to help ensure your AWS resources meet industry security standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pre-written Sentinel policies are ready to use compliance checks for CIS AWS Foundations Benchmarking v1.2, v1.4 and v3.0 to help enable your AWS resources meet industry security standards.

```

This repository contains several policy libraries designed to accelerate the adoption of the CIS AWS Foundations Benchmark within HCP Terraform. These libraries can be utilized to enforce best practices and security standards across your AWS environment.

For more details on how to work with these policies and to understand the Sentinel language and framework, please refer to the [Sentinel documentation](https://developer.hashicorp.com/sentinel/) or the README documentation included with each of the policy [libraries](https://github.com/hashicorp/policy-library-cis-aws-cloudtrail-terraform/blob/main/docs/policies).

## Feedback

We aim to validate the effectiveness of our policies by collecting diverse user feedback and understanding real-world use cases. This input will help refine our policies and enhance their overall impact. 

1. You can submit your feedback via a [public beta survey](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScswwLMaVaRuYRGJzDjNiycwM4BUa_gAIsAE_zOPdgyFeLXCA/viewform).

2. If you have any issues or enhancement suggestions to the library, please create [a new GitHub issue](https://github.com/hashicorp/policy-library-cis-aws-cloudtrail-terraform/issues/new).

> 3. Alternatively, we welcome any contributions that improve the impact of this library! To learn more about contributing and suggesting changes to this library, refer to the [contributing guide](https://github.com/hashicorp/policy-library-cis-aws-cloudtrail-terraform/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: the link will be for this repo right? not for cloudtrail

| Location       | Filename           | Description                            |
|----------------|--------------------|----------------------------------------|
| /              | README.md          | Index page for the policy library.     |

> | docs/policies/ | <policy name\>.md  | Description of a single policy.        |

Reviewer: This is missing - 

```
If you want to change the[ enforcement levels](https://developer.hashicorp.com/sentinel/docs/concepts/enforcement-levels) to either soft-mandatory or hard-mandatory, we recommend updating the contents of the sentinel.hcl file in each library before applying the Terraform configuration.
```

Please check the doc given by product team, after the `Example` section.
